feat: Support PodDisruptionBudgets (#407)
stackabletech/superset-operator: docs/modules/superset/pages/usage-guide/operations/pod-disruptions.adoc

= Allowed Pod disruptions

You can configure the allowed Pod disruptions for Superset nodes as described in xref:concepts:operations/pod_disruptions.adoc[].

Unless you configure something else or disable our PodDisruptionBudgets (PDBs), we write the following PDBs:

== Nodes

> We only allow a single node to be offline at any given time, regardless of the number of replicas or `roleGroups`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The provided PDBs only allow a single node to be offline at any given time, regardless of the number of replicas or `roleGroups`.
```
